Welcome back in this unit I'm going to introduce a new tool called Jay queery And before we get writing
Jay Corey I'm going to take a little bit to talk about conceptually what it is and then talk about why
you would use a query and why you might not use it and give you a little bit of my own opinion on that
debate.
OK let's get started.
So what is Jay query if you've done any research on your own.
If you've been taking any classes online or reading books you've probably encountered the term before
and you may have learned a little bit of it as well and that's because it is the most popular tool out
there for javascript.
It's the most popular javascript library period.
And what it does is it helps us manipulate the DOM.
So I have the J query docs open here the official homepage.
J Querrey dot com and I'm just going to read briefly this paragraph right here so it tells us queery
is a fast small and feature rich javascript library and makes things like H.T. mail document traversal
and manipulation event handling animation and Ajax.
Much simpler with an easy use API that works across a multitude of browsers with a combination of versatility
and extensibility.
Jay Querrey has changed the way that millions of people write javascript.
To sum that up Jay query is a javascript library that makes our lives easier.
It helps us do things like selecting elements and manipulating elements changing styles adding event
handlers animating things and Ajax which we'll talk about in another unit.
So the point of J query is that it helps us do things faster and it makes it easier to do those things
.
Now let's talk about the term javascript library.
So this says here that J query is a fast small and feature rich javascript library.
So what is a library.
The concept of a library in javascript is actually one that exists in other programming languages as
well.
The core idea is that we can take code that someone else wrote and we can add it to our own project
and use it instead of her own code.
So that's all that J.
Korea's.
It's a single file that someone else wrote a team wrote now with a bunch of methods and properties inside
of it and then we just add it to our own project so that we can use all of those methods and I'll show
you on the API docs here.
J worry comes with a ton of methods and you can see over here.
Let's click on one of these categories see SS.
And these are all the methods that J Querrey comes with that have to do with C Ss.
We'll talk about how we include J query and just a little bit.
Again it helps us with things like selecting and manipulating elements creating elements adding event
listeners animating adding effects and then this last thing AJAX which we haven't talked about yet.